# Agenda
## Issues
* Access requests #66 and #67
* Issue #64 - John's suggestions
* If time other open issues

### Workbench Update - Ian

### Performance Engine Update - Gill

### Infrastructure Update - Bob

### Recruiting Update - Sandy

### Vicom Update - Randall

### Something, something - Kip

## Infrastructure

### GIT to RTC synchronization

### GIT Clone on VICOM

### GVBLIB Merge done and we wait on a SPM PTF for HLASM Toolkit

### Use of SPARK

### Spacer on VICOM and World Data